README.md, before:

# Sower Tools

## Features

-   Generate schema and model file in a default location for selected sql text.
-   Show selected lines and code details in status bar.
-   Debug current file or project by clicking the editor context menu or in editor title menu.
-   Show readme document when there has no document opened in workspace, like README.md, CHANGELOG.md, etc.
-   Refactor function parameters to use object parameter, also support convert unstructured function parameters to object parameters.
-   Auto sync type name of the function parameter which is named ends with 'Options' when the opened typescript document saved.
-   Generate enum assertion functions.
-   Add typescript code refactor panel actions, you can use it to refactor function parameters or generate/update assert enum functions.
-   Introduce new git enhancement commands: skipWorkTree, noSkipWorkTree, and listFiles.
-   Add the new commands "Update Model" in context menu and in code action panel to update model file after you modified type declaration 'TDefinitions' in opened file.
-   Add timestamp conversion and insertion commands and view the timestamp corresponding to the unix timestamp.
-   Refactor class method parameters to object.
-   Auto-update imports statements with prefix 'node:' for Node.js built-in modules.
-   Base64 string encoding/decoding.
-   Generate type declaration of zod schema.
-   Sync type member names used in current file when any member of the type is changed.
-   Add command 'updateTypeMemberNames' to update type member names.
-   Show timestamp text from selected word or from ranged word.
-   Add command 'syncChangelog' and associated code actions when the changelog.md file is opened, which will sync the changelog content with README.md or package.json file.
-   Add command 'sortEnums' and associated code actions to sort the enum declarations when there only contains enum declarations in the opened file.
-   Show now timestamp in status bar.
-   Add configuration for supporting if enable show now timestamp in status bar.
-   Enhanced pg sql parser for parsing primary key and field type 'smallint' and 'bytea'.
-   Add encrypt/decrypt text.
-   Add configuration for encrypted/decrypted text.
-   Add 'Open Files' functionality for opening files in selected directory.
-   Add generating API resources functionality for generating api CRUD codes.
-   Add support convert arrow function parameters when converting function parameter into object structure parameters.
-   Add countdown timer functionality for showing the remaining time in status bar and update configuration.
-   Add markdown image diagnostics, including:.
    -   `no-invalid-local-image-file-path`.
    -   `no-local-image-link`.
-   Add upload local image to minio storage functionality.
-   Add module `returnStmtStyleDiagnostic` and fix code actions pre-condition.
-   Add module `styleCheck` and add a sub module `comment` for comment style check.
-   Add class, function, interface and type declarations style diagnostics and code actions.
-   Add import statement style diagnostics and code actions.
-   Add log printing completion item enhancement, support print log to the console and update configuration dynamically.
-   Add configuration options for style check modules.
-   Add enum declaration style check module.
-   Add skip check character option for comment style check.
-   Add style check `import-statements-top-of-file` and consolidate module index files and simplify import statements.
-   Add module `blankLinesRemoval` for formatting markdown document.
-   Enhance comment style check with new diagnostics and code actions.
-   Add file ignore configuration for style check module.
-   Add module `tryStatement` for try statement style check.
-   Add logger for enhancing log printing and removed redundant commands in package.json.
-   Add module `projectsOpen` for project enhancement with project group configuration and add command `openProjects` to batch open projects.
-   Enhance git force push with select remote repositories.
-   Add option item Add group for configuring project groups.
-   Loading ignore pattern for style check module dynamically.
-   Add configuration item timestampFormat for configure timestamp convert/insert format.
-   Improve git force push command with progress indication.
-   Add new code actions for removing blank lines and copying to clipboard.
-   Implement command to upload local images to Minio storage.
-   Add new configuration option sower-tools.projectsOpen.style to control project view style.
-   Implement two display modes: groups and flat list with group separators.
-   Support path alias "~" for project paths configuration.
-   Add quick pick buttons to switch between display styles and add groups.
-   Add cursor profile sync configuration and commands.
-   Add user confirmation for cursor profile sync actions.
-   Add project snapshot feature with configuration and file watching.
-   Add API request assistant with env variables reference and fix save file snapshots.
-   Add new `runProject` command to run TypeScript projects using tsx.
-   Add configuration options for run enhancement and AST project source file caching.
-   Implement new API document reference module with configuration options.
-   Add command and menu entries to refer to API documents for TypeScript files.
-   Enhance API request assistant with dynamic project name support and user prompts.
-   Create dark and light SVG icons for the new feature.
-   Add Handlebars dependency to support template rendering.
-   Add "Sower Tools" category to all commands in package.json.
-   Add new configuration option `openFileDelay` to control file opening speed.
-   Implement smooth file opening with configurable delay.

## Usage

To use this extension, follow these steps:

1. Install the extension.
2. Open a project in Visual Studio Code.
3. Use the features provided by the extension.

Commit message:

feat(release): bump version to 0.22.0 and update changelog

README.md, after:

# Sower Tools

## Features

-   Generate schema and model file in a default location for selected sql text.
-   Show selected lines and code details in status bar.
-   Debug current file or project by clicking the editor context menu or in editor title menu.
-   Show readme document when there has no document opened in workspace, like README.md, CHANGELOG.md, etc.
-   Refactor function parameters to use object parameter, also support convert unstructured function parameters to object parameters.
-   Auto sync type name of the function parameter which is named ends with 'Options' when the opened typescript document saved.
-   Generate enum assertion functions.
-   Add typescript code refactor panel actions, you can use it to refactor function parameters or generate/update assert enum functions.
-   Introduce new git enhancement commands: skipWorkTree, noSkipWorkTree, and listFiles.
-   Add the new commands "Update Model" in context menu and in code action panel to update model file after you modified type declaration 'TDefinitions' in opened file.
-   Add timestamp conversion and insertion commands and view the timestamp corresponding to the unix timestamp.
-   Refactor class method parameters to object.
-   Auto-update imports statements with prefix 'node:' for Node.js built-in modules.
-   Base64 string encoding/decoding.
-   Generate type declaration of zod schema.
-   Sync type member names used in current file when any member of the type is changed.
-   Add command 'updateTypeMemberNames' to update type member names.
-   Show timestamp text from selected word or from ranged word.
-   Add command 'syncChangelog' and associated code actions when the changelog.md file is opened, which will sync the changelog content with README.md or package.json file.
-   Add command 'sortEnums' and associated code actions to sort the enum declarations when there only contains enum declarations in the opened file.
-   Show now timestamp in status bar.
-   Add configuration for supporting if enable show now timestamp in status bar.
-   Enhanced pg sql parser for parsing primary key and field type 'smallint' and 'bytea'.
-   Add encrypt/decrypt text.
-   Add configuration for encrypted/decrypted text.
-   Add 'Open Files' functionality for opening files in selected directory.
-   Add generating API resources functionality for generating api CRUD codes.
-   Add support convert arrow function parameters when converting function parameter into object structure parameters.
-   Add countdown timer functionality for showing the remaining time in status bar and update configuration.
-   Add markdown image diagnostics, including:.
    -   `no-invalid-local-image-file-path`.
    -   `no-local-image-link`.
-   Add upload local image to minio storage functionality.
-   Add module `returnStmtStyleDiagnostic` and fix code actions pre-condition.
-   Add module `styleCheck` and add a sub module `comment` for comment style check.
-   Add class, function, interface and type declarations style diagnostics and code actions.
-   Add import statement style diagnostics and code actions.
-   Add log printing completion item enhancement, support print log to the console and update configuration dynamically.
-   Add configuration options for style check modules.
-   Add enum declaration style check module.
-   Add skip check character option for comment style check.
-   Add style check `import-statements-top-of-file` and consolidate module index files and simplify import statements.
-   Add module `blankLinesRemoval` for formatting markdown document.
-   Enhance comment style check with new diagnostics and code actions.
-   Add file ignore configuration for style check module.
-   Add module `tryStatement` for try statement style check.
-   Add logger for enhancing log printing and removed redundant commands in package.json.
-   Add module `projectsOpen` for project enhancement with project group configuration and add command `openProjects` to batch open projects.
-   Enhance git force push with select remote repositories.
-   Add option item Add group for configuring project groups.
-   Loading ignore pattern for style check module dynamically.
-   Add configuration item timestampFormat for configure timestamp convert/insert format.
-   Improve git force push command with progress indication.
-   Add new code actions for removing blank lines and copying to clipboard.
-   Implement command to upload local images to Minio storage.
-   Add new configuration option sower-tools.projectsOpen.style to control project view style.
-   Implement two display modes: groups and flat list with group separators.
-   Support path alias "~" for project paths configuration.
-   Add quick pick buttons to switch between display styles and add groups.
-   Add cursor profile sync configuration and commands.
-   Add user confirmation for cursor profile sync actions.
-   Add project snapshot feature with configuration and file watching.
-   Add API request assistant with env variables reference and fix save file snapshots.
-   Add new `runProject` command to run TypeScript projects using tsx.
-   Add configuration options for run enhancement and AST project source file caching.
-   Implement new API document reference module with configuration options.
-   Add command and menu entries to refer to API documents for TypeScript files.
-   Enhance API request assistant with dynamic project name support and user prompts.
-   Create dark and light SVG icons for the new feature.
-   Add Handlebars dependency to support template rendering.
-   Add "Sower Tools" category to all commands in package.json.
-   Add new configuration option `openFileDelay` to control file opening speed.
-   Implement smooth file opening with configurable delay.
-   Add command to generate runbook info for selected projects.
-   Enhance project configuration with new settings for runbook generation.
-   Introduce global and project-specific ignored insertion columns in package.json for better control over database model generation.
-   Implement new command, code action providers, code lens providers to add or remove columns from insert and update options dynamically.

## Usage

To use this extension, follow these steps:

1. Install the extension.
2. Open a project in Visual Studio Code.
3. Use the features provided by the extension.
